nrf_desktop: dfu: Config channel should distinguish bootloader type (#6343)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* |no_changes_yet_note|

nRF Desktop
-----------

* Added:

>   * Added bootloader variant as a DFU module variant for config channel communication. The new implementation is not backwards compatible.

Reviewer: > The new implementation is not backwards compatible.

Why? You don't need to check the variant. Everything else will be working as it was and old script should work without any issues.

* |no_changes_yet_note|

HID Configurator
----------------

* Added:

>   * HID Configurator now recognizes bootloader variant as a DFU module variant for config channel communication. The new implementation is not backwards compatible.

Reviewer: > The new implementation is not backwards compatible.

Let's be specific and tell that since new version of script checks for variant it expects firmware to support this request.

* |no_changes_yet_note|

HID Configurator
----------------

* Added:

>   * HID Configurator now recognizes bootloader variant as a DFU module variant for config channel communication. The new implementation is not backwards compatible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * HID Configurator now recognizes the bootloader variant as a DFU module variant for the configuration channel communication.
  The new implementation is not backward compatible.
```
